Hello, and welcome to my course on Managing Software Packages with
AWS CodeArtifact. First, a little bit about me.
My name is Joshua Edwards.
I am the vice president of engineering at a blockchain and
cryptocurrency‑focused business, and I have previously been the head of DevOps.
Throughout my career, I have worked in the GovCloud space,
the startup space, and also for tier 1 consultancies.
This has allowed me to deliver fully automated and
secure environments inside of AWS.
If you like my course, have any questions, or you just want to say hi,
please feel free to reach out to me on Twitter.
My username is @JoshuaGEdwards.
Okay, let's jump right in.
This course is going to be focused on Amazon Web Services' CodeArtifact.
We're going to look at an overview of CodeArtifact,
including the access permissions needed.
We're going to look at setting up CodeArtifact and, finally,
working with packages inside of CodeArtifact.
Sounds exciting, right?
Let's get started.
Okay, so let's delve into what is AWS CodeArtifact.
So let's take a look at an overview of this service and
some of the prerequisites required to use in this service.
So what is AWS CodeArtifact?
CodeArtifact is a managed AWS service that can manage
software packages in a repository.
You can manage and control the artifacts you need to use in your
software. Its underlying infrastructure auto scales of how many packages
you add, and it can be fully encrypted using KMS,
either AWS managed or managed by yourself.
The core components of AWS CodeArtifact are the
repository, which stores all of the packages,
the versions, and the revisions.
A package is a bundle of software.
A repository is accessed by the domain.
A domain is the highest level component of a repository, and it is what is
going to be used to group the repositories together.
And finally, another cool feature is an upstream repository.
You can create a repo that inherits its parents packages. An upstream
repository can also pass the packages from over public repositories.
How awesome! AWS CodeArtifact can contain a multitude of package
repositories from npm and yon for JavaScript,
pip and twine for Python, and Maven and Gradle for Java, amongst some others.
You can choose which one you want or all of them as
CodeArtifact is a polyglot repository.
That means that they can all live together.
Now, working with multiple package repositories can be easier than ever.
So cool! So, who should use CodeArtifact?
AWS CodeArtifact is aimed at AWS developers,
DevOps engineers, architects, and system administrators.
But this does not mean that it's solely exclusive to the people in those jobs.
CodeArtifact is for anyone who wants to use it, so I recommend programmers,
engineers, and anyone who wants to know more just take a look.
It's a fantastic service to use in your software architectures.
Okay,
let's take a look at some of the CodeArtifact security features that are in
place that are going to keep your information secure.
CodeArtifact is in the boundaries of the AWS shared responsibility model,
which means that you know AWS has your utmost security desires at
heart and will allow you to manage your data securely.
It supports encryption at rest so your software packages are safe.
CodeArtifact uses TLS connections for all of its endpoints so you know
that all of your information in transit is encrypted.
All of the AWS CodeArtifact actions are monitored through AWS CloudTrail.
This means you can see how all of the actions happened and by who
as CloudTrail logs all of the API calls. For incident management,
you can use AWS CloudWatch events to detect and react to changes
in the CodeArtifact state, such as if a software package was added.
CodeArtifact has bean audited and vetted by third‑party auditors such
a SOC, PCI, FedRAMP, HIPAA, and many more, so you know that you're getting a highly secure service to use.